Firmware update time: 2022.12.13

Firmware developed with nRF5_SDK_17.1.0
Firmware tested with mobile phone & APP "nRF Connect".

Implementations:
    EEG sampling @100Hz

    BLE connection with nus service, pairing function is currently disabled.

    Data transimtion via BLE nus service.
        Data transimtion implemented base on protocol described in file "Serial Data Format.pdf".

    Command receive via BLE nus service.
        b(0x62) Start sampling & transimtion
        s(0x73) Stop sampling & transimtion
        |(0x7C) Eanbel DC lead-off detection
        .(0x2E) Disable DC lead-off detection
    
        Extended Command
            0x7D Set LED display Bluetooth pairing color(blue & blinking)
            0x7E Set LED display Bluetooth paired color(blue for 3 seconds)
            0x7F Set LED display color red
            0x80 Switch off all LEDs

    Power button.
        Short press button to turn on the device and display battery level for 3 seconds.
        Short press button to display battery level state while device is on.
        Keep press button for 3 seconds, all LEDs will light up for 1 second and then the device will switch off.

    LEDs
        Power on & battery status
            Display battery level state for 3 seconds and then turn off.
        On Bluetooth pairing & paired:
            Function is implemented and tested, to be ready in further firmware version.
        Low battery
            LED light up orange and keep blinking.
        On charging
            LEDs turn on one by one with white color, and then turn off and so on.
        Charging complete
            ALL LEDs turn on with white color.
        Error
            ALL LEDs turn on with red color.

    Battery charging
        Plug a charger to device while it is on, 
        the LEDs display battery charging status, 
        or charge complete status, depending on the battery level.
        Plug a charge to device while it is turned off, 
        the device keeps turn off state,
        hens the LEDs will not light up untill the power button is pressed.

Notes:
    LED 4 is running without red channel due to hardware wiring error, 
    hens it's color is not correct, this issue will be handle in further version.

